feat(gitlab): add note to set the Git strategy to clone to avoid remote error (#2156)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/platform/deployment/2000-01-01-deploy-with-gitlab.md

the SaaS version at [https://gitlab.com/](https://gitlab.com/) or a self-hosted
version. You will have to link it to a GitLab repository and branch.

{% note %}
To avoid remote error, you may want to configure your GitLab CI jobs with the [`GIT_STRATEGY`](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ci/runners/configure_runners.html#git-strategy) set to `clone`.

> The deployment will be a bit slower but the option allow us to clone the repository from scratch for every job and ensure that the local working copy is always pristine.

Reviewer: issue: typo
```suggestion
The deployment will be a bit slower but the option allows Scalingo to clone the repository from scratch for every job and ensure that the local working copy is always pristine.
```
